README.md, before:

<div align="center"><img src="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61l4HqLFdLL._AC_.jpg" alt="Yo-kai Watch!" align="center"></div>

<h1 align="center">Yo-kai Watch API</h1>
<h2 align="center">A fan-built API supplying information about your favorite yo-kai.</h3>



### :construction: This API is actively under construction! ###

#### Some Notes:

- Only Yo-kai that were released as part of the 'normal' medal range are currently included

- I plan to add more information about each Yo-kai as I am able

#### Improvements/Optimizations coming:

- Documentation! I want this API to be easily navigated by all fans

- Import data to MongoDB. As the data base grows, it only makes sense to store it in a cloud


### :star: Try it Out

- API is live at: ![Heroku API page](https://yokai-api.herokuapp.com/)

- Initial client side page is live at: ![Client side page](https://yokaiapi.netlify.app/)

### :blush: Thank you!

Please check out the rest of my ![Github](https://github.com/barbaralaw) and my Yo-kai Watch client side repo ![here](https://github.com/barbaralaw/clientYokai).

Commit message:

added tech stuff to readme

README.md, after:

<div align="center"><img src="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61l4HqLFdLL._AC_.jpg" alt="Yo-kai Watch!" align="center"></div>

<h1 align="center">Yo-kai Watch API</h1>
<h2 align="center">A fan-built API supplying information about your favorite yo-kai.</h3>



### :construction: This API is actively under construction! ###

#### Some Notes:

- Only Yo-kai that were released as part of the 'normal' medal range are currently included

- I plan to add more information about each Yo-kai as I am able

#### :nerd_face: Tech Stuff:

- This API was created using node.js and Express

- Working with the backend is new for me, and I chose to learn by diving in the deepend with this API. It has been an education to be sure. I look forward to continuing to explore this part of my tech stack.

#### Improvements/Optimizations coming:

- Documentation! I want this API to be easily navigated by all fans

- Import data to MongoDB. As the data base grows, it only makes sense to store it in a cloud


### :star: Try it Out

- API is live at: ![Heroku API page](https://yokai-api.herokuapp.com/)

- Initial client side page is live at: ![Client side page](https://yokaiapi.netlify.app/)

### :blush: Thank you!

Please check out the rest of my ![Github](https://github.com/barbaralaw) and my Yo-kai Watch client side repo ![here](https://github.com/barbaralaw/clientYokai).
